Clarify optionality of `databricks_mws_workspaces`.`deployment_name` in docs and examples (#1315)
databrickslabs/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/resources/mws_workspaces.md

  provider        = databricks.mws
  account_id      = var.databricks_account_id
  workspace_name  = var.prefix
  # only set this if you have worked with databricks to set a deployment name

>   # deployment_name = var.prefix

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

* `account_id` - Account Id that could be found in the bottom left corner of [Accounts Console](https://accounts.cloud.databricks.com/).
* `managed_services_customer_managed_key_id` - (Optional) `customer_managed_key_id` from [customer managed keys](mws_customer_managed_keys.md) with `use_cases` set to `MANAGED_SERVICES`. This is used to encrypt the workspace's notebook and secret data in the control plane.

> * `deployment_name` - (Optional) part of URL: `https://<deployment-name>.cloud.databricks.com`. Must be configured out of band by your databricks rep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `deployment_name` - (Optional) part of URL as in `https://<prefix>-<deployment-name>.cloud.databricks.com`. Deployment name cannot be used until a deployment name prefix is defined. Please contact your Databricks representative. Once a new deployment prefix is added/updated, it only will affect the new workspaces created.
```
